Installation1 6 (#2)
oracle-devrel/kubeflow-oke: README.md

> ⚠️ Kubeflow 1.5.0 is not compatible with Kubernetes version 1.22 and onwards. To install Kubeflow 1.5.0 or older, set the Kubernetes version of your OKE cluster to v1.21.5.

> This guide explains how to install Kubeflow 1.6.0 on OKE using Kubernetes versions 1.22.5, 1.23.4 and 1.24.1 and image Oracle Linux 7.9.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This guide explains how to install Kubeflow 1.6.0 on OKE using Kubernetes versions 1.22.5, 1.23.4 and 1.24.1 running on Oracle Linux 7.
```

      service.beta.kubernetes.io/oci-load-balancer-shape-flex-max: "100"
EOF
```

    kubectl patch svc istio-ingressgateway -n istio-system -p "$(cat $HOME/kubeflow-1.6/patchservice_lb.yaml)"

### Enable HTTPS

> To enable HTTPS on Istio IngressGateway you need to generate a SSL certificate.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To enable HTTPS for the Istio ingress gateway you need to generate a SSL certificate.
```

- Generate SSL certificate

> To generate a SSL certificate, you can use OCI Certificates your own provider, or create a sefl-signed certificate using the following [script](generate-kubeflow-cert.sh) and steps detailled below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To generate a SSL certificate, you can use OCI Certificates, your own provider, or create a self-signed certificate using the [`generate-kubeflow-cert.sh` script](generate-kubeflow-cert.sh) or by following the steps below.

> <details><summary><b>Click to details self-signed certificate</b></summary>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<details><summary><b>Click for details on creating a self-signed certificate</b></summary>
```

> The following steps are designed to work without any editing but will used default values for `C` (country), `ST` (state), `L` (location), `O` (organization) and `OU` (organizational unit) fields. Feel free to edit these default values.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following steps are designed to work without any editing but will use default values for `C` (country), `ST` (state), `L` (location), `O` (organization) and `OU` (organizational unit) fields. Feel free to edit these default values.
```

    subjectAltName = @alt_names

    [ alt_names ]
    DNS.1 = ${DOMAIN}
    IP.1 = ${IP_ADDR}
    EOF
    ```

5. Create a private key

    ```shell
    openssl genrsa -out "${DOMAIN}.key" 2048
    ```

6. Create a certificate signing request using the private key and the certificate signing request configuration file created in step 4

    ```shell
    openssl req -new -key "${DOMAIN}.key" -out "${DOMAIN}.csr" -config csr.conf
    ```

7. Create a certificate signature configuration file

    ```shell
    cat > cert.conf <<EOF
    authorityKeyIdentifier=keyid,issuer
    basicConstraints=CA:FALSE
    keyUsage = digitalSignature, nonRepudiation, keyEncipherment, dataEncipherment
    subjectAltName = @alt_names

    [alt_names]
    DNS.1 = ${DOMAIN}
    IP.1 = ${IP_ADDR}
    EOF
    ```

8. Sign the certificate request generated in step 6 with the CA created in step 1 using the certificate signature configuration file created in step 7

    ```shell
    openssl x509 -req \
        -in "${DOMAIN}.csr" \
        -CA rootCA.crt -CAkey rootCA.key \
        -CAcreateserial -out "${DOMAIN}.crt" \
        -days 365 \
        -sha256 -extfile cert.conf
    ```

</details>
<br>

> - Create a Kubernetes Secret to store the certificate

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Create a Kubernetes secret to store the certificate
```

> Store the certificate as a Kubernetes TLS Secret in istio-system namespace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Store the certificate as a Kubernetes TLS secret in the `istio-system` namespace.
```
